hello how fast I wanted them
share before starting this enamel
that I bring positions of the brand or soldier
they look how beautiful the bottles
packaging and the colors are
beautiful this color is called albert and
down there they are link where they can
buy be pending because I'm
doing a review of all the colors
that carries this line so they are
slopes
although I will start by showing you the
types of gels that can be used with
tell official show this I bought it in
ebay for two dollars this is from in this
it was a gift this this is from haiti what
can buy in any supply I think
who sell it
with darlings are glasses and here the nails
are already prepared this is the
easy flow dehydrator apply it and
Now I'm going to apply a capita of first
this prime is from lady which is very good
I like to try different brands is les
I advise never to stay alone with one
brand there are enough good products
outside so you have to try different
and so we know what works for us
I'm not using this brush for the
number 4 and this gel is the show loaded
and I wanted to try it out but
any software I promise you that
it will give you the same result
matter what brand it is with that it be soft
we are going to put a capita of the gaditano
so thin but thin what happened
enough that it's not too
The job is fine, even if it is
that the balance is going to be put
after very close nothing more assured
they exceed not touching
do not touch cuticle because we do not want is
the same effect that we do not want
lift up here I'm using clickers one
is key in clan thembu let's the
color that of sawyer and these two are from
organic theme in sant and in shadow
I have this wipe are my wipes
I already reviewed this
mark the truth that I recommend them
100% these wipes are 100% lint free
they do not leave any lint and they are worth it
what you invest because it is very
diverse
down in the description box
I 'll leave the link where
can buy the balls and where
can buy the enamels who in the
this as they see nothing more with a pusher
cuticle I put the killer is very easy
and fast this process and this and nothing else
making sure there are no spaces
English does not matter that I touch skin
because the clergy nothing else is going to stick to
where we put the gel so that's why
I say be careful not to touch the
skin now I will use the color only
and how do you see the wipes too
they served to put back the
clicker and do not waste the truth like
they saw there after putting it hit him at
finger a little bit so that everything falls
the clergy that is there of excess
Now I'm going to do one more
and there I pick up the same wipes
parts and you're that I see that they do not have
have to cover it very well and give it that
tap to bring everyone and
there is showing you that it looks like
that and on the skin but since it does not have gel
It is not going to stick since it is lamp
now this last one of what I'm going to use the
diary declared in google is holographic
I recommend that for this one jaume ni
that use metallic utilities or clickers
holographic the clippers and ree
students are going to look very translucent
so I do not have to put that much
I recommend the metal ones or just
graphics as well as you see is already ready and
we put a lamp
and
since we take our hand out of the lamp
I have this broach that came in a kit
I bought from freehand brushes
is perfect can use any
brush that has dry hairs like
come look at everything that was on the skin
it took off perfectly now we're going to
put another layer of souza faria or as
come there when I'm on the cuticle
I'm careful to seal is the same as
when we apply the acrylic do not touch
skin and at the end also seal to the
little bank of the
we have to cover very well all of it
claire the layer has to be thin what
enough to not be too
thick but thick enough to
that the texture of the
balance ok yes if you put it to the lamp
and still feel the texture of
balance can put another capita
Soca cold but in my case this layer was
enough now since I do all I put
to throw
because we already take the hand out of the lamp
after two minutes this since
encapsulate mos with the gel let's say it
well the show coffee already leaves a capita
sticky that is removed with alcohol the
I use alcohol is 70 percent and
here with my favorite wipes I'm going to
remove that residue that leaves the shock already
this we are going to clean very well and
are ready to put the gel from
over I'm using you'll be shine
of the nova brand and we're going to put a
capita and as you see is the final touch and
that give these nails that give shine and if
more I tell them that the model that I am
using here is my sister and they lasted
well at three weeks I already wanted
change but
It had been three weeks since
they had lifted nothing shined beautiful
so they can use any color
make your own designs your own
creativity this I know that you are going to
fascinate this century recreate make of
hashtag in Instagram
that's where I look more at the photos but
You can also do it on Facebook or
twitter fascinates me to see their recreations
of my designs
thanks for my videos and even the
next